Once there was an assassin. This was not long ago. It was, let us say, last Tuesday.
She did not live in a far off, or magical land. She lives in San Francisco, with three roommates to keep rent low.
Sarah is average, all around, unremarkable even. Sarah couldn't, and wouldn't, hurt a fly.
But she is an assassin, an online assassin. An assassin of character.
And she has just found out that she is very, likely terminally, ill.

Of course, Sarah never intended to become an assassin, even of the non-fatal variety. No one who has met Sarah would think that she was capable of such harm. Which is what makes her so incredibly effective at her job. It was in the 11th grade, when her best friend had her heart broken by Tom Durbin after 4th period that Sarah discovered how incredibly deadly she could be with the aid of technology. But that’s another story entirely. In the present, Sarah was in desperate need of a replacement.

Now you would think that finding a replacement assassin would be rather difficult given the secrecy of the job. However, by putting an add on craigslist for a gardener specializing in winter plants, specifically the Japanese Maple, that serves as the secret code for seeking out an assassin in a public forum. Having an add out for 3 weeks with no response, Sarah was becoming a bit more desperate.

She started to search more unconventional areas. Reddit forums were full of "trolls". But none of these people
had a light enough touch in Sarah's mind. Her job requires finesse, and the cretins flooding message boards
with calls of "MAGA" just wouldn't do. Her clients were the type that require something a bit more cutting.

Though her job was something she tried very hard to keep very separate form her normal life, Sarah was running out of options. She started to think about the people in her life that might have the skill set that she needed. She went through her roommates, started asking them pointed questions about their online activities. She pretended to ask for their help with the internet to see if they might have what it takes. Two of them seemed to have the basic skills that were needed, but Sarah had to ask herself: did they have the creativity and drive that was needed to really ruin someone’s life?

The first roommate, Francesco, seemed to have what was needed. He had the bravado and confidence with a keyboard that Sarah knew was very important for the job. Yet she could also sense that Francesco seemed bored with the everyday interactions on the web and was longing for something more exciting. Francesco was very knowledgeable about his craft, but he almost seemed bored with it after he completed his tasks. He was always hoping for more and looking for new ways to get things done. 

The second roommate, Jenny, is your classic “mean girl” type. Pretty and popular, everyone loves Jenny, 
and Jenny is VERY good at giving an air of loving everyone back. Until you get deeper. 
Jenny is adept at finding a person’s deepest insecurities and digging in. 
You would be hard pressed to point it out as it was happening, 
but all interactions with Jenny leave you feeling inferior, and slightly beat upon.

We needn’t mention much about Josh, Sarah’s third roommate, a philosophy major who was certain the internet was a “passing experimental phase” in “humanity’s collective adolescence.” Josh still used Internet Explorer. In any case, Sarah had two contenders before her, each of which had a piece of the puzzle for the skillset that was needed. She wished she could convince them to team up, but Sarah realized she had no idea how to introduce her proposition to one of them, let alone two. 

Sarah needed to find a way to pit Francesco and Jenny against one another. She came up with an idea to try to get them to fix the same problem with her computer, and the first one who got it right, was the person she would choose to be her successor. Now she needed to think of a difficult task for them to try to complete, but how could she come up with something that would not be completely obvious as to what she was looking for?

And of course, when they were helping her out, there would be some open files, maybe a picture or two
that would hopefully intrigue them. This information would be nothing of consequence, but it would lead them on a goose chase
through many channels they would have to use if they were to take over. And having long ago installed all the tools needed
to watch everything they did on their computers, it wouldn't be hard to figure out which, if either of them, had the skills
to be Sarah’s particular type of assassin.
